docs: add release notes for 0.18.1 (#4216)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes.txt

 Version 0.18
**************

Version 0.18.1
==============

**Release Date:** May 24, 2022

**New Features**

-  Web: Themes have been introduced and styles have been adjusted to support various themes. Theme

>    switching is currently limited to dark/light mode and is set first through OS level preferences,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   switching is currently limited to dark/light mode and is set first through OS-level preferences,
```

>    then through browser level preference. In-app controllers will be coming soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   then through browser-level preference. In-app controllers will be coming soon.
```

-  Add experimental support for recovering live trials on master process restart. Users can restart
   the master (with updated configuration options or an upgraded software version), and the current
   running trials will continue running using the original configuration and harness versions. This
   requires the agent to reconnect within a configurable ``agent_reconnect_wait`` period. This is

>    only available for ``agent`` resource manager, and can be enabled for resource pools using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   only available for the ``agent`` resource manager, and can be enabled for resource pools using the
```

>    ``agent_reattach_enabled`` flag. May only be available for "patch" level releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``agent_reattach_enabled`` flag. May only be available for patch-level releases.
```

> -  Web: A trial restart counter has been added to the experiment detail header for single trial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Web: A trial restart counter has been added to the experiment detail header for single-trial
```

>    experiments. For multi-trial experiments, they are show in a new `Restarts` column under `Trials`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   experiments. For multi-trial experiments, trial restart counts are shown in a new `Restarts` column in the `Trials`
```

   table.

   .. image:: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/220971/169450333-c3dde9f4-abc0-4f8b-9e83-216e13ee2ca0.png

   .. image:: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/220971/169450323-d169f4ee-2698-4ae8-9b1a-c04460751310.png

**Improvements**

-  Security: Improved security by requiring admin privileges for the following actions.

   -  Reading master config.
   -  Enabling or disabling an agent.
   -  Enabling or disabling a slot.

-  Logging: Ensure logs for very short tasks are not truncated in Kubernetes.

**Breaking Changes**

> -  Security: The following routes and CLI commands will need admin privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Security: The following routes and CLI commands now need admin privileges.
```

>    -  ``det master config```

Reviewer: Maybe put the routes first, matching the description.

   -  ``det agent enable``
   -  ``det agent disable``
   -  ``det slot enable``
   -  ``det slot disable``
   -  ``/config``
   -  ``/api/v1/master/config``
   -  ``/api/v1/agents/:agent_id/enable``
   -  ``/api/v1/agents/:agent_id/disable``
   -  ``/agents/:agent_id/slots/:slot_id``
   -  ``/api/v1/agents/:agent_id/slots/:slot_id/enable``
   -  ``/api/v1/agents/:agent_id/slots/:slot_id/disable``

> -  Logging: The default Fluentbit version in all deployment modes is now 1.9.3, changed from 1.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Logging: The default Fluent Bit version in all deployment modes is now 1.9.3, changed from 1.6.
```

**Bug Fixes**

> -  Web: Fix the user filtering for migrating from `0.17.15` to `0.18.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Web: Fix the user filtering for migrating from Determined 0.17.15 to Determined 0.18.0.
```

-  API: Fix an issue where the ``POST /users`` endpoint always returned an error instead of the

>    user's information. This error was returned even when the user was created successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   user's information, even when the user was created successfully.
```
